Revise request documentation (#60)
NIT-Administrative-Systems/DataHub-Docs: introduction/request.md

# Request a new DataHub API

This guide is for initiating the request to build a new DataHub API. If you'd prefer to gain a greater understanding of how DataHub works and how everything fits together before you jump in, we recommend starting with the <a :href="$withBase('/DataHub_UserSetUpDoc.docx')" download>DataHub Developer Documentation</a>

## Create an API for your system
*I want to expose my SQL query as a web service*
- Review the [Query Requirements](./producers/queries.html)

> - Open a ticket with "DataHub" in the subject and include: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open an [IT Service Request ticket](https://services.northwestern.edu/TDClient/30/Portal/Requests/TicketRequests/NewForm?ID=d5KoWKzQ5aA_&RequestorType=Service) with "DataHub" in the subject and include: 
```

Author: nice, thanks!

  - Which system currently holds the requested data
  - A description of the requested data 
  - The names of the data stewards for the requested data

> - Route the ticket to Jason Miller (NUIT Administrative Systems).

Reviewer: @bab4379 is assigning tickets directly to Jason still congruent with your support model?
